README.md, before:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2023 CERN (home.cern)

SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0+
-->

# Open Hardware Repository :penguin:

[![License CC BY-SA 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC_BY--SA_4.0-yellow.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)
[![License BSD 3-Clause](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD_3--Clause-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
[![Build](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/build.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/build.yaml)
[![Deploy to GitHub Pages](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/deploy.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/deploy.yaml)
[![REUSE Compliance Check](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/reuse.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/reuse.yaml)
[![YAML Lint](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/yaml.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/yaml.yaml)
[![Makefile Lint](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/makefile.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/makefile.yaml)
[![Python Lint](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/python.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/python.yaml)
[![Markdown Lint](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/markdown.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/markdown.yaml)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/github-code-scanning/codeql/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/github-code-scanning/codeql)
[![Lines of Code](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/OHWR/ohwr.org?category=code)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org)

A new website proposal for the Open Hardware Repository.

If approved, this website will be deployed to <https://ohwr.org>, replacing the
current OHWR website.

The website is built with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) using the [Bigspring Light](https://github.com/gethugothemes/bigspring-light)
theme.

## Build :hammer:

### Requirements :clipboard:

* [Go](https://go.dev/doc/install) >= 1.20.3
* [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/installation) (the extended edition) >= 0.110.0
* [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads) >= 3.11.4
* [PyYAML](https://pyyaml.org/wiki/PyYAMLDocumentation) >= 6.0.1
* [Pydantic](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/install) >= 2.1.1

### Steps :footprints:

1. Clone the project

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org.git
   ```

2. Go to the project directory

   ```bash
   cd ohwr.org
   ```

3. Build the website

   ```bash
   make build
   ```

   The website is stored in the `public` directory.

4. Serve the website

   ```bash
   make run
   ```

   To view the website, open the URL displayed in your terminal.

## Test :test_tube:

### Requirements :clipboard: <!-- markdownlint-disable-line MD024 -->

* [reuse](https://reuse.readthedocs.io/en/v1.0.0/readme.html#install)
  \>= 2.1.0
* [wemake-python-styleguide](https://wemake-python-styleguide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#quickstart)
  \>= 0.18.0
* [yamllint](https://yamllint.readthedocs.io/en/stable/quickstart.html#installing-yamllint)
  \>= 1.32.0
* [checkmake](https://github.com/mrtazz/checkmake#installation)
  \>= 0.2.2
* [markdownlint-cli2](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint-cli2#install)
  \>= 0.10.0

### Steps :footprints: <!-- markdownlint-disable-line MD024 -->

1. Clone the project

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org.git
   ```

2. Go to the project directory

   ```bash
   cd ohwr.org
   ```

3. Run the tests

   ```bash
   make test
   ```

## Deployment :satellite:

The website is deployed to [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/) with the
[GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) workflow defined in
`.github/workflows/deploy.yaml`.

The workflow builds and deploys the website whenever a change is pushed to the
`master` branch.

## Security Policy :lock:

For information on our security policy and reporting vulnerabilities, please
check our [Security Policy](.github/SECURITY.md).

## Contributing Guidelines :rocket:

We welcome contributions! Before getting started, please read our
[Contributing Guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for information on how to
contribute to the project.

Commit message:

Add Code of Conduct section to README.md

README.md, after:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2023 CERN (home.cern)

SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0+
-->

# Open Hardware Repository :penguin:

[![License CC BY-SA 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC_BY--SA_4.0-yellow.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)
[![License BSD 3-Clause](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD_3--Clause-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
[![Build](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/build.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/build.yaml)
[![Deploy to GitHub Pages](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/deploy.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/deploy.yaml)
[![REUSE Compliance Check](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/reuse.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/reuse.yaml)
[![YAML Lint](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/yaml.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/yaml.yaml)
[![Makefile Lint](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/makefile.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/makefile.yaml)
[![Python Lint](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/python.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/python.yaml)
[![Markdown Lint](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/markdown.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/markdown.yaml)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/github-code-scanning/codeql/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org/actions/workflows/github-code-scanning/codeql)
[![Lines of Code](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/OHWR/ohwr.org?category=code)](https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org)

A new website proposal for the Open Hardware Repository.

If approved, this website will be deployed to <https://ohwr.org>, replacing the
current OHWR website.

The website is built with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) using the [Bigspring Light](https://github.com/gethugothemes/bigspring-light)
theme.

## Build :hammer:

### Requirements :clipboard:

* [Go](https://go.dev/doc/install) >= 1.20.3
* [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/installation) (the extended edition) >= 0.110.0
* [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads) >= 3.11.4
* [PyYAML](https://pyyaml.org/wiki/PyYAMLDocumentation) >= 6.0.1
* [Pydantic](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/install) >= 2.1.1

### Steps :footprints:

1. Clone the project

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org.git
   ```

2. Go to the project directory

   ```bash
   cd ohwr.org
   ```

3. Build the website

   ```bash
   make build
   ```

   The website is stored in the `public` directory.

4. Serve the website

   ```bash
   make run
   ```

   To view the website, open the URL displayed in your terminal.

## Test :test_tube:

### Requirements :clipboard: <!-- markdownlint-disable-line MD024 -->

* [reuse](https://reuse.readthedocs.io/en/v1.0.0/readme.html#install)
  \>= 2.1.0
* [wemake-python-styleguide](https://wemake-python-styleguide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#quickstart)
  \>= 0.18.0
* [yamllint](https://yamllint.readthedocs.io/en/stable/quickstart.html#installing-yamllint)
  \>= 1.32.0
* [checkmake](https://github.com/mrtazz/checkmake#installation)
  \>= 0.2.2
* [markdownlint-cli2](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint-cli2#install)
  \>= 0.10.0

### Steps :footprints: <!-- markdownlint-disable-line MD024 -->

1. Clone the project

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/OHWR/ohwr.org.git
   ```

2. Go to the project directory

   ```bash
   cd ohwr.org
   ```

3. Run the tests

   ```bash
   make test
   ```

## Deployment :satellite:

The website is deployed to [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/) with the
[GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) workflow defined in
`.github/workflows/deploy.yaml`.

The workflow builds and deploys the website whenever a change is pushed to the
`master` branch.

## Code of Conduct :scroll:

Please review our [Code of Conduct](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to understand
the expectations for behavior within the project community.

## Security Policy :lock:

For information on our security policy and reporting vulnerabilities, please
check our [Security Policy](.github/SECURITY.md).

## Contributing Guidelines :rocket:

We welcome contributions! Before getting started, please read our
[Contributing Guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for information on how to
contribute to the project.
